what's up YouTube stu-dog you're going
to be doing a new video a new updated
video today going over how to play
Dueling Network or go on dueling network
on your iPhone iPod Touch whatever but
anyway i did a video just like this
about a year ago or a little bit more
than a year ago and and i was pretty
good but recently i've been reading some
of the comments and like people are
saying that it's not working anymore
self i'm going to show you the updated
version on how you can how you can make
it work here in august 2014 or whenever
this video is going to be uploaded so
let's go down to the app store and
basically what you're going to type in
on the search bar is boton so let me
type that in just like the yugioh
archetype galaxy-eyes photon dragon
stuff like that just type in photon and
then this is going to come up it's the
first one right here and then has really
good reviews it's like a thousand
reviews and a lot of them are just good
stuff it's gonna cost you 3 99 I'm sorry
but definitely is worth it i personally
feel it's definitely worth the 399 for
this app because this a pic is really
useful and you can use it for more stuff
just then Oh other than you know dueling
network so let's go load it up right
here and it first takes you to this web
browser screen that says you don't have
flash installed but in order to get the
thing to work you press this lightning
bolt here in the bottom right corner and
that's just right here just makes the
magic happen so I'm going to click that
and we're going to see dueling network
load on my screen here it is got that
awesome thing saw theme song too but
anyway in order to change your mouse
you're going to have there's a pointer
right here you're going to press that
and to it goes to the mouse thing and
then now you can just easily drag it and
it's just really nice so in order i'm
going to type in my name there's the
keyboard and um yeah see if my pointers
in there so i'm going to type in my
username and i'm going to type in my
password and I accidentally reloaded it
beautiful but anyway yeah that's the
reload button right there that's the
full screen button right here the upper
right-hand corner
you guys can see that there it is full
screen button keyboard that's the reload
so i'm gonna type in my username and
password behind the camera so i don't
mess it up and plus i'm not actually
going to show you guys my password i'm
sorry i know i know you guys want to
know my password but i'm sorry i can't
do that let's see okay finally got in
fine i took you so we're going to full
screen this now obviously and here it is
dueling network scouted by no this is my
old account so i don't know what Dex I
really have among here oh yeah good old
water synchro see anything else so it
really loads fast like I'm already got
like all my stuff already loaded I'm
sorry that quality is bad on this camera
but this is why I never used this camera
anymore I just use my ipod camera or the
screen capture but I mean whatever
anyway the cards load really fast and
you know it seems like it's a lot easier
to use than the other things so if you
turn off the sound here in the bottom
corner just like on dueling network
let's see you can turn off the sound of
then you can put on your own stuff just
like in the last video that you can
still do that so like if we're going to
watch something let's see you put
something on come on any second now I
guess it doesn't want to work but anyway
you can technically puts your own stuff
on and let's see let's try to go watch a
duel
so I was basically like the same exact
setup is the computer let's go to the
first one because you know why not and
you get to see a nice what is this cool
port also and you guys get to see some
cool port orc will put whatever it's
called it anyway some reason that's
doesn't feel like working but it's just
a problem with the app or the other app
not the the photon app anyway you get to
watch right here you can turn the sound
back on and then obviously we can start
a duel because you know why not so let's
try to start a duel have to go to
unlimited because my decks unlimited 26
and now okay let's try to beat this kid
let's try to beat this kid he wants to
duel us come on please doing a video
here don't got all day guess he doesn't
see this guy anyone come on but mainly I
use this for watching duels it's gonna
be no still kind of hard to actually
duel on this account I mean if you know
what I mean come on why can't one person
except us seriously okay go to this guy
then eventually someone will or not okay
forget this we're hosting we are hosting
and now this is already going to be like
a freakin eight-minute video probably
know what not forget it host there I am
come on someone please anyone anyone oh
my god this is just my luck I swear to
god it is just my freaking luck it is
just my luck like seriously I'm so sorry
we cannot get a freakin duel in I don't
know what is ok here we go finally only
took a trillion years come on not pick
Rock Paper Scissors there's exactly this
is exactly what happened in my last
video I picked rock paper scissors and
they just SAT here for 20 years ok
finally so as you
there really isn't a lag and it still is
no working you know pretty nice i'm
going to go second here I really don't
care let's see what hand I open up dark
hole Maxie econ genex Undine and Vale
air cadets as decent actually it's not
really that good depends what he's
playing he's feeling some sixty card
deck anyway I'm obviously not going to
show you guys the whole duel but i mean
i'm going to show you you know just how
to work you know the thing is playing
some shark deck i think
so let's see he's pot of duality into a
shark he's going to set to and summon
the I don't know what that is but anyway
yeah our turns draw another veiler God
dang it anyway you can summon Gen X
Undine can view our deck send what
treeborn had guess I mean why not why
not send tree born and then you can
obviously add a Gen X controller but I
mean that's pretty much it as you can
see it's it works a lot better than the
old app in my opinion if you really want
to play DN on your iPod but I mean
that's pretty much it and unfortunately
I'm gonna have to quit this duel because
i really don't you don't want to do this
duel but thank you guys for watching
like come over 8 subscribe this is stu
dog is signing at